Fix (FDBM-63): Update DB2 Message Adapter: Specify Key in value Field for Ingestion Messages (#299)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/fast_data/configuration/realtime_updater/common.md

- `value`: it is **null** if it's a *delete* operation, otherwise it contains the data of the projection.
- `offset`: it is the offset of the Kafka message.

> It is important to note that when the `value` field is not a *delete* operation, the user must always specify the object's key in the `value` field as well, along with other data, to ensure proper processing by the Real-Time Updater.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to note that whenever the ingestion message is not a *delete* operation the `value` of the message must contain all the fields of the projection, including the primary keys also present in the `key`, so the Real Time Updater can process the message properly.
```

> It is important to note that whenever the ingestion message is not a *delete* operation the `value` of the message must contain all the fields of the projection, including the primary keys also present in the `key`, so the Real Time Updater can process the message properly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::info
It is important to note that whenever the ingestion message is not a *delete* operation the `value` of the message must contain all the fields of the projection, including the primary keys also present in the `key`, so the Real Time Updater can process the message properly.
:::
```
